Who is this guy this is Elliot and Elliot is
a wreck he is pushed around and talked down
plus he is never taken seriously to be fair
i think that's his fault point is most of
us start somewhere at the bottom with shitty
jobs i mean and if we want things to change
i guess we have to change ourselves but that is
something he does not understand and therefore
is prone to quick money promised by pop-up ads
triggered by visiting questionable webpages to
give you a quick overview of his life he just
lost his job his black girlfriend is pregnant
his racist son of a [ __ ] father got evicted and
now plans to move in with him and he also takes
care of his mentally impaired younger brother
that's a pretty shitty situation to be in not
gonna lie and i think we can all agree that we all
wish him the best but to be honest to end up in a
hopeless situation like that you need more than
just bad luck what you need is bad luck paired
with an additional above average dedication to
things up but Elliot has good fortune coming
his way quick money yep the way to riches and
wealth without breaking a sweat for it in fact
all he needs to do to get his cash is making kids
cry trading ostriches in the streets and eating
[ __ ] insects me explain alright so Elliot
receives a phone call by a random old chap
that promises him a thousand dollars for killing a
fly okay i'm gonna hang up now at this moment you
are being defeated by a fly now to me that voice
on the other side sounds pretty fishy but Elliot
doesn't care right he needs the money so he kills
that fly and instantly receives a thousand dollars
just like that the phone rings again and the voice
on the other side promises him another 3.6 k if he
eats that fly what does Elliot do he eats that fly
of course i mean ever since Bear Grylls that stuff
is uh culturally respected but here's the catch
the rules of the game are the following so there
will be 13 challenges right now Elliot has already
succeeded with two and after each challenge he
will receive a higher amount of money than he
has received before but if you stop or interfere
with the game in any way including telling anyone
about it you will lose all earned money thus far
and after successfully winning all challenges
if you should make it that far you should have
won about 5 million dollars however in my humble
opinion these rules should ring the bells i mean
the red flag present is equivalent to an albino
in Nigeria fact is nothing in this world is free
therefore i think it is safe to assume that the
challenges you will face could become a little
extreme and also for the record this is important
to me even killing a fly for a thousand dollars is
pathetic i'm not a vegan but hear me out killing
the fly is not the issue here but what you do
is you let yourself be enslaved by a stranger
to do something that you normally wouldn't do
just for the sake of money and that is a
dangerous precedence if you are not aware
of it but if you are aware of it you may have a
chance to participate in the game and turn the
tables in your favor here's my idea first i think
you have to understand that this game probably
cannot be won at least not with maintaining your
full health at one point during this game the
game masters will most likely request you to do
something that crosses a certain line and that
if participated will threaten your well-being
the worst possible challenge that could await
you is probably somewhere on the line of excessive
physical force against someone else or maybe even
yourself it may be something like mutilation
abduction extreme humiliation aka black mirror
episode 1 or even worse watching dumb people doing
dumb on youtube for 24 7. if something like this
arises a reasonable person wouldn't continue right
and therefore would lose all the money as well
so if you want to win this game you must prepare
for the worst possible challenge and if you do
that you will realize that even if 12 of the 13
challenges are easy peasy but the 13th challenge
is impossible then it doesn't make much sense
to participate but what are the challenges well
let's look at the game the first challenge
was killing a fly for a thousand bucks then
eating it for another 3.6 k the third challenge is
causing a kid to cry the fourth burning activity
scene in the backyard of a church and the fifth is
trade an ostrich for the clothe of a homeless man
yeah that's some funny ass challenges that would
cause me to wonder if i'm on a cheap tv show
question would you draw the line at any of these
five challenges chances are you probably don't me
neither i guess if i would commit to any of these
you see people nowadays do worse stuff for 16 subs
on the web i wouldn't even commit to the first one
but if i decided to go along with it for whatever
reason i would not have had a problem with any of
these firstly i'm making kids cry unintentionally
by just staring at them perhaps it's because of
my left lazy eye i don't know and secondly burning
a nativity scene for 10 grand i mean Jesus would
understand no doubt god bless the lord and trading
an ostrich for a bunch of smelly clothes well
i wish it was the other way around but for 20k
man i can't complain the key to success in this
game is knowing when it's enough and honestly
after those five games and having collected
around forty thousand dollars you already
have everything you need to turn your life around
therefore the only way to beat this game in case
of an impossible challenge is scam the scammer
quick side note here if all 13 challenges are
possible to overcome without crossing a certain
line then fine have fun playing and getting rich
but you shouldn't count on it if you don't expect
the worst this game will beat the [ __ ] out of
you so beat number one expect the worst and
beat number two prepare to run this is what
you need to do we know that after each challenge
the money is instantly transferred to our account
that implies two things first the money is in our
possession and second they seem to spy on us in
real time visually and auditory these are two
important facts that will help us beat the game
once you receive a sum you should cash it out
and hide it in a secure place but considering
you are observed this may not be the best way
to go so perhaps better would be the idea to
transfer it to a foreign bank account invest it
into cryptocurrency or even better pay off your
student loans and other debts and bills ahead of
time this prevents the game master to cancel the
transactions if you should stop playing the game
since the rules predict a complete loss of won
money when we stop playing we must conclude that
they somehow have attorney power over our account
which further implies that they are very powerful
so every amount we receive and reinvest safely
will function sort of like a checkpoint
we can't fall behind it this on the other
hand will definitely agitate the game masters
and therefore you should be cautious about it
that leads me to my alternative point play the
game with the intention of exposing it to Interpol
why not the FBI you might ask well i will get
to that in a second now of course if the game
is a truly benevolent game then you don't need to
worry about anything but since we must expect the
worst you would do well to record all the phone
calls the timelines note the rules and save the
transaction slips etc also you must tell someone
about your participation all of this must be
done secretly obviously don't forget that you're
observed you must consider the fact that your home
and clothes are bugged there are probably
hidden cameras everywhere and one or more
people are steadily following you most likely as
well "the guy's nice that's him that's the man."
You should also tell someone about it preferably
someone close to you don't forget that you are
observed your environment is probably bugged
and you can't ignore the possibility of video
surveillance either therefore i would make
an appointment at the local massage parlor
get my partner in crime in there too
take off my clothes and let's get it on
just kidding but that spot would be a good
one to exchange crucial information at
the reason for that is privacy however i urge you
not to talk even in there do it like the soviets
did write your dialogue on a piece of paper
and pass it back and forth another thing that
works fine is turn up some music and whisper in
each other's ears when things are starting to go
downhill or you decide to stop playing the game
the gathered information will help you to seek
professional help the best place to get help from
is Interpol especially since they are much harder
to corrupt because they are ruled internationally
forget about your local police station they suck i
think that should be clear by now they aren't much
help and you cannot allow yourself to slip with
this method you secure your family's well-being
and with the method before we have figured out on
how to keep the one money do what i have said
before and get the [ __ ] out of this country
of course Elliot doesn't do any of this because
Elliot likes flashy pop-up ads and doesn't think
much further than the digits in his bank account
but for now let's have a look if any of the five
next challenges are more problematic number six
um is having a cup of coffee with a dead body what
yep i know he has time until 4 p.m to be at the
local cafe two blocks away including that stranger
that he has found dead in his apartment i think
it is safe to say that at this point most people
would stop playing and just let it be the reasons
for that are more than obvious and i don't think
there are many people that are [ __ ] up enough
that would actually continue playing this game
firstly that grown-up male body is probably around
200 pounds you'll have a hard time just getting it
out of the tub that's problem number one problem
number two is it's a dead body if you are doing
this for 50 grand only then i have a better idea
for you visit the countryside look out for an ATM
at least 45 minutes away from the next police
station and blow that up you're welcome and oh
by the way this is purely hypothetical thank you
but what does Elliot decide to do "i'll have a
cheeseburger" - "the Bernard's burger?" - "yeah it
sounds great." - Doesn't look very pleasant does
it and the police entering doesn't make it much
more comfortable either two things here first why
in god's name would you lift up the dead body from
the wheelchair and carry it into the cafe i mean a
wheelchair is a chair on wheels you get the point
right how about rolling in Elliot barely succeeds
this challenge and after having to sneak his
way through confronting the police officers that
surprise surprise didn't figure out anything he is
able to convince him and just leave as if nothing
happened oh and by the way because of that bold
move of tricking the police officer he has also
surpassed challenge 7. Elliot leaves a cafe while
not bothering to take his new buddy with him
surely having a bunch of police officers in the
back doesn't make it easier but that's exactly
why you should have used that miraculous invention
called the wheelchair anyway the phone rings again
but this time the voice on the other side shares
different information he tells Elliot that the
crimes he has so far committed will put him in
jail for 10 years oh boy didn't see that comment
Einstein but the voice continues he need not worry
because if he is able to win all 13 challenges
the game masters will make all those charges go
away it should be obvious that what they're doing
is playing mind games here they push you into
committing shady stuff and then present themselves
as your savior if you fall for that then you
deserve it in my opinion something like that
was bound to happen it really didn't surprise me
at that point during the movie but if you did what
i have shared so far in this video then you would
have been sufficiently prepared for such a case
at this point it's pretty much over if you have
touched the dead body from before and did what
they asked you to do you crossed the line that you
would have better left out however if you at least
gather some information about the calls especially
recorded the phone calls themselves this is the
best timing to come clean and turn yourself in
while that is the best thing you could possibly do
right now Elliot decides to accept challenge eight
and cuts off the arm of his former school bully
yeah that escalated quickly huh so apparently this
guy used to bully Elliot back in primary school
how original anyway there was one curious thing
that happens here that guy voluntarily offers
his arm to be cut off Elliot realizes that he is
paid to do that meaning he is another participant
in that game now Elliot proceeds and cuts off the
arm in my opinion that was the dumbest move so far
because if you have another participant in front
of you that is playing the same game but his
challenge forces him to cut off his limb then what
do you think is coming up next for you exactly
most likely the same type of stuff um question at
this point for you for how much money would you
cut off your right arm or left arm whichever is um
your main side for me i wouldn't i wouldn't do it
i personally not not for 100 million dollars i
wouldn't do it would i for 100 million dollars
i'm not sure now the next two challenges aren't
as bad surprisingly next up is humiliation and
so Elliot has to break the inventory of the
engagement dinner party of him and his wife
now that sucks of course and people will
look at you as if you're a crazy person
but once you got all challenges solved you can
let them know that that stunt you have made was
for half a million dollars and so everybody would
understand so since this challenge wasn't really
out of proportion if we think in terms of the
money we receive there is nothing to complain
here the next challenge though forces him to
surrender himself to the police which is a bit
odd but again there were countless options to
back out and or establish a system in which you
are guaranteed to walk away with more than when
you entered the game let's recap for a second
so far Elliot has committed countless crimes that
would put him in jail for a long time however we
also must consider that most of the challenges
weren't too extreme i mean amputating the arm
of someone that wants to amputate it is not an
everyday thing but i don't see a moral issue here
the worst thing that has been done was drinking a
cup of coffee with a dead body in a public place
and if he didn't throw away that wheelchair he
could have made it look like nothing happened
the point that i'm trying to make is that even
though none of the challenges so far were out
of this world the game has not yet ended and
therefore it really doesn't matter fact is Elliot
has not prepared anything he has no plan if things
won't work out and that means either he will die
or he will end up in jail for decades now the
options to avoid that i have already established
but the next challenge makes it all a bit trickier
so in reality this game is harder to beat with
every new challenge you commit to that's why i
was so diligent trying to make clear that if you
start playing this game without contemplating it
first you have already lost on the escape from the
police he meets an older hispanic lady whom he
brings to her home in the end it turns out that
she too is involved in the game but it seems like
she doesn't participate but is more like an npc
he ends up helping her with her laundry hanging
spot and figures out a couple minutes later that
this action would cause around 10
motorcyclists to lose their heads
see so far you haven't killed anyone so far you
still had the chance to drop the ball and walk
away talk to the judge show him the calls and hope
you won't be getting a too terrible punishment
but if you kill someone then that's it nothing
can be done at this point remember when the
caller mentioned that all charges will
be deleted once he wins all challenges
well that's it once you kill someone you
must end it no matter what is coming next
so really the only way to beat this game is at the
start if you don't then play ignorantly along like
Elliot did then the only way to beat the game at
this point is to give up your money and walk away
Elliot arrives back home and finds out that
his impaired brother is playing the game too
the last challenge the 13th one is killing
a family member and we are told that that is
always the case no matter who is playing so in
the end Elliot survives but kills his brother
his stat reveals that he has killed their mom
to beat challenge 13 back in the day and Elliot
decides after successfully overcoming challenge
13 that he doesn't want the money okay that's that
took a long time to figure out my friend
Thanks for watching